feat: improve _routes.json generation (#423)
withastro/adapters: .changeset/many-hornets-ring.md

---
'@astrojs/cloudflare': minor
---

> Better \_routes.json file for projects with many static pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changes the logic which generates the `_routes.json` file to improve generation for projects with many static pages, while still making sure all routes work as expected.
```
